Home
⁝ Company
⁝ Brands
⁝ Events
⁝ News
Careers
Contact
URBAN ONE
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: April 16, 2024
 

Urban One, Inc. and its family of affiliate and subsidiary entities, including but not limited to Interactive One LLC d/b/a IONE Digital, TV One, LLC; Cleo TV, LLC; BlackPlanet, Bossip, MadameNoire, LLC; and Reach Media, Inc., (“Urban One” or “we” or “us” or “our”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the types of Personal Information we collect, regardless of the manner in which it is provided, including, but not limited to information provided by you through mail, email, telephone, mobile phone (including applications or text messages), and through the One VIP Program and debit card, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, social media (including our branded pages on third-party social media platforms and on sites we control like BlackPlanet), on websites and other digital platforms, or however else you may interact with us (collectively, the “Service(s)” or “Urban One Service(s)”). Please read this Policy carefully to fully understand how we collect, use, share, and protect your Personal Information. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.

 

For purposes of this Policy, “Personal Information” is any information that identifies, related to, or describes, directly or indirectly, an individual or household. Personal Information does not include publicly available information, or information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated.

Scope and Applicability
This Policy applies to all Urban One Services that link to this Privacy Policy, regardless of the platform or device used; it describes all Personal Information collected, used, transmitted, disclosed, stored, or maintained by us, including both electronic and paper records.

 

One Community Privacy Policy and Terms. This Urban One Privacy Policy and Urban One Terms of Service do not apply to the One Community service. If you are a One Community user, please note that there is a separate privacy policy that specifically applies to your use of that service, which you can find here. If you have questions about which policy or terms apply to you, please contact us using the How to Contact Us section below. The following terms do not apply to use of the One Community site and services.

 

One VIP Services and Debit Card Information Privacy Policy and Terms. If you apply for and receive a One VIP debit card, we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information about you as described in the One VIP Debit Card Privacy Policy located at: www.onevip.com.

Personal Information We Collect and Use
We (and the vendors that perform services on our behalf) collect the following categories of Personal Information about you depending on the nature of your interactions with us:

Personal Identifiers. We may collect personal identifiers and contact information such as your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, social media handles, and other similar identifiers. If you create a user account, we also collect your user account name and password.
Content Service Provider Information. We may collect your content service provider information and your content service provider account credentials (username and password) in order to provide certain content on the TV One Digital Services.
Commercial Information. We may collect details about your order history, records of products and services purchased on our websites, services you have enrolled in, and purchases made using the One VIP debit card). We may also collect information about your product and shopping preferences.
Financial Information. We may collect financial information such as payment card information, financial account information and ACH account information, as well as other billing information as needed to process payments for products and services you purchase.
Internet and Network Activity Information. We may collect your IP address when you access the Services. We also use tracking tools like cookies and pixels to passively collect information about how you interact with our websites and online content. This might include your browsing and search history on the Services, what areas of the Services you access and for how long, what products or content you view and click on, what site you came from to get to us, and what site you go to when you leave us, and your interactions with our digital ads and content on other websites. We may collect and record page interaction information and other electronic communications and content from your use of the Services, including content entry, mouse movements, screen captures, the search terms and other data you enter, and methods used to navigate away from the page. We may also embed technologies (which may include, for example, web beacons, tags, and pixels) in the emails and other communications we or our vendors send to you to help us understand how you interact with those messages, such as whether and when you opened a message or clicked on any content within the message. We may engage or otherwise allow other parties to also collect information on our websites in these ways.
Usage Information. We may collect information about the Urban One Services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video, view TV One through your television provider, open one of our newsletters, interact with us and other users over BlackPlanet, use the One VIP debit card to make purchases, or view and interact with our ads and content.
Device Information. We may collect device-specific information, such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Location Information. We may passively collect information about your geolocation when you access the Services. We also collect information about your location using your IP address and your zip code, if you provide it to us.
Demographic Information. We may collect demographic information, such as your age, date of birth or gender.
Audio and Visual Information. If you choose to share audiovisual content, such as photos or videos, with us through the Services, we may collect that content. We may also record customer service telephone calls for quality purposes and to meet our legal obligations.
Sensitive Information. We may collect information that may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state or local laws. For example, we may collect information that reveals citizenship status, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, or trade union status. We may also collect information relating to your health and allergies. We may also collect your precise geolocation and the username and password any account you create with us.
Inferences. Using the other pieces of Personal Information collected about you, we draw inferences about you, reflecting what we believe to be your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and attitudes.
 

In the course of operating our Services and delivering our products and services, we collect and process the categories of Personal Information described above. We use this information for typical business and commercial purposes (including compliance with legal obligations and use for auditing, security, and anti-fraud purposes) and as described more specifically below:

 

We use Personal Information to respond to and complete your requests, establish and manage our customer relations and customer service, and to communicate with you for informational and marketing purposes (including sending you news, promotions, special offers, information, information about a station text club you enrolled in or to offer you other products and services that may be of interest to you).

 

We use Personal Information to fulfill orders for products and services (e.g., signing you up for email lists, enrolling in the One VIP debit card or purchasing tickets), and to communicate with you about your orders. We may also use your Personal Information to communicate with you about this Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use. We may also use your Personal Information to communicate with you about sweepstakes or contests, or to process and deliver sweepstakes/contest entries, correspondence, and prizes. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your preferences (see “Your Rights and Opt-Out Choices,” section below).

 

We use Personal Information to provide and improve our websites, products, and services. We use Personal Information to customize your experience while using the Services, and we may also use Personal Information to conduct research and develop new products and services.

 

We use Personal Information for security purposes. We use Personal Information to protect our company (including our websites), our customers, and others. We may also use your Personal Information to detect, investigate, and remediate fraud or other suspected illegal activity.

 

We use Personal Information to verify and respond to requests made pursuant to this Privacy Policy and for other verification purposes.  We will use certain pieces of Personal Information to verify your identity if you make requests pursuant to this Privacy Policy. The verification steps and the pieces of information that we request may vary depending on the sensitivity and nature of your request. Please see the “Your Rights and Opt-Out Choices” section below for more information.

 

We may use Personal Information as otherwise permitted or required by law, with your consent, or as we otherwise may notify you.

 

Sensitive Data and Automated Decision-Making. At this time, Urban One does not knowingly try to gather sensitive categories of data about individual users or engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning individual users.

Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information directly from you. For example, we may collect Personal Information when you register an account, purchase a product or service, sign up for an email subscription or text club, enter a contest, submit or post content, or otherwise contact us.

 

We collect Personal Information from your devices. We use technical tracking tools that work behind the scenes, such as browser cookies, beacons, and pixels, to automatically collect information from and about you and your devices. We collect this information when you interact with our websites, our advertisements, and our emails that we or our vendors send to you. We collect this information about users over time and across devices.

 

We receive Personal Information from vendors we hire to work on our behalf. For example, vendors that host or maintain our websites and send promotional emails for us may give us information.

 

We received Personal Information about you from other parties. We work with business and marketing partners and social media platforms that give us Personal Information about you that they have collected either directly or indirectly from you. We also use features that let your friends give us your Personal Information. You may only provide your friend’s Personal Information to us in this manner if you have their consent to do so.

 

We combine information. Including Personal Information, about you in a variety of ways. We combine information collected offline such as information collected about you when you interact with us at events, with information collected online. We also combine information collected across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. These actions allow us to understand your consumer preferences more holistically. We also combine your information with other consumers’ information to understand preferences and trends within your peer group over time.

 

Automatic Collection of Information from Cookies and Other Technology. We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit the Urban One Services. This automatic information collection may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device:

 

Cookies. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.

 

Mobile Identifiers. We may use software development kits (“SDKs”) or mobile advertising identifiers (i.e., IDFA on Apple mobile devices or Advertising ID on Android mobile devices), which function similarly to cookies on mobile devices. You may reset your IDFA or Advertising ID in the settings on your mobile device.

 

Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs,” “one pixel GIFs,” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Urban One Services, to monitor how users navigate the Urban One Services, to make cookies more effective, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.

 

** Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about cookies and how to disable them or restrict the categories of cookies you wish to accept, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.

 

Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit the Urban One Services. Please note, however, that without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Urban One Services, and some parts of the Urban One Services may not function properly.

How Long We Retain Personal Information
Retention of Personal Information. Urban One uses the following business and legal criteria in determining whether it may reasonably retain Personal Information and related records collected online (e.g., websites and mobile devices, online platforms, and user interactions with our advertisements): (i) applicable laws (including those mandating retention data and records for certain periods of time); (ii) the existence of an applicable legal hold or other substantial need to protect and defend the rights of Urban One, you, or any third party; (iii) our ongoing assessment of the currency of the data, the need to retain it in order to fulfill a contract or other agreement, or to meet our specific business requirements (including maintenance and improvement of any online Services); and (iv) our balancing of reasonable risk considerations related to the ongoing retention and use of specific categories of data.

How We Disclose Personal Information
Sharing Within Urban One and Across Our Family of Brands and Affiliates. We may share any of the Personal Information described above across the Urban One family of brands and affiliated companies, including Urban One, Inc., iOne Digital, Radio One, Inc., Reach Media, Inc., TV One, LLC, Cleo TV, LLC, BlackPlanet, and BossipMadameNoire,LLC to help us better tailor our services, products, and advertising to you. If you visit the Urban One Services, you may receive advertising and other communications from one of our affiliated companies or any of their brands or platforms.

 

Outside Urban One:

 

Service Providers. We share any of the Personal Information described above with service providers (including mailing and fulfillment vendors, payment processors, service-related technology providers, and sweepstakes/contest and survey administrators) that provide services to you and us, including to help us maintain our databases and websites, administer emails, display content, and analyze website usage activity. For example, we may provide your personal identifiers to print and communications vendors so they can send you communications on our behalf. We may also provide Personal Information, including personal identifiers, commercial information and Usage Information to our service providers for fraud detection.

 

Other Third Parties. We may share your personal identifiers and commercial information with advertising partners that use various technologies to send (or serve) relevant ads to users on the Urban One Services, or on platforms or websites operated by third parties.

 

Social Networks. You may interact with certain features of the Urban One Services that cause certain categories of Personal Information to be published to your social networks. To understand the precise categories of Personal Information shared in this manner, please review the privacy policies of the relevant social networks and/or log out of the applicable service before you use our online services.

 

Co-branding Partners. Certain areas of the Urban One Services may be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-Branded Areas”) and may require you to disclose Personal Information in order to register for and access products and/or services. Co-Branded Areas will identify the applicable third party associates. If you elect to register for products and/or services at Co-Branded Areas, you may be providing any Personal Information provided in a Co-Branded Area (such as personal identifiers or commercial information) to both Urban One and the third party.

 

Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions. Urban One Services may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (a “Promotion”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.

 

Business Transfers. In the event of a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets (whether by private sale, through operation of law, as part of a divestiture plan, or otherwise), your Personal Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Urban One Services, may be disclosed to the persons and/or entities assuming control of the relevant business unit or as otherwise necessary to complete the transaction as permitted by law or contract.

 

Legal and Similar Disclosures. We may disclose Personal Information about you with law enforcement, the courts, our advisors, attorneys, and others who participate in the legal process, if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to enforce or apply our contracts, conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect us, the users of the websites, or others.

 

Otherwise with Your Consent or At Your Direction. In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.

Your Rights and Opt-Out Choices
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information. In addition to the information provided below, please visit our Urban One Privacy Center for more information about how to exercise your rights and privacy preferences.

 

Email, Text Messages, and Other Promotional Communications. When you receive newsletters, text club messages, or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further these communications from us, and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each communication you receive or by contacting us directly at mailto:unsubcribe@urbanone.com. Regardless of your indicated email preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding the Urban One Services, including, for example, notices of updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy.

 

Update or Delete Your BlackPlanet Account information. If you are a BlackPlanet member and wish to verify, correct, update, or delete the Personal Information provided to us in connection with your use of our Urban One Service located at www.blackplanet.com, you may do so by visiting your BlackPlanet Account Page and updating or editing your information. Please note that we may be required or permitted (by applicable law or otherwise) to keep certain information and not delete it, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only if it does not conflict with another right or obligation.

 

Opt-out of Targeted Advertising. If you prefer not to receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of some network advertising programs that use your information. Below are steps you can take to opt-out of certain targeted advertising:

 

Visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Opt-Out Page (http://www.aboutads.info/choices). The DAA Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have Cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies.

 

If you are using one of our mobile applications, you can download App Choices (http://youradchoices.com/appchoices), which will allow you to opt-out of in-app tracking. You can also adjust the privacy settings on your mobile device by visiting the settings tab. If you wish to opt-out of cross-device tracking, you will need to opt-out of in app tracking on all of your devices.

 

Update the privacy settings in the Help section of your browser or in the Settings tab on your mobile device.

 

You may also click on the Ad Choices icon in the advertisement.

 

You may opt out of additional third-party advertising networks by going to the Network Advertising Initiative’s Website (https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and following the directions provided.

 

Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive.

 

Please note that even if you choose to remove your information or “opt-out,” you may continue to see advertisements while you are browsing online; however, those advertisements will no longer be tailored to your interests. Additionally, information regarding your usage of our services may still be collected for research, analytics, or internal operations purposes. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any such opt-out options.

Notice of California Privacy Rights
California residents may make the following requests with respect to their personal information in accordance with applicable law and subject to exceptions set forth in such applicable laws:

 

To know the Personal Information we have about them (categories and specific information)
Correct inaccurate Personal Information
That we opt them out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their Personal Information (“Right to Opt Out”) as defined under California law, which can be done at the below “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link
The deletion of Personal Information
 

California residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if they exercise the rights list above. As noted above, Urban One does not knowingly try to gather sensitive categories of data about individual users (in California, “Sensitive Personal Information”) or engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning individual users (in California, “Automated Decision-Making”).

 

California minors under 18 years old may request the removal of any information that they post to the Urban One Services by contacting us at privacynotice@urban1.com. Upon such request, Urban One will anonymize, or remove from public view, any content posted by a minor to one of its websites, unless required by law to retain such content or information.

 

Urban One does not currently take actions to respond to “Do Not Track” signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.

 

Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide certain personal information (as defined by California Civil Code §1798.83) in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year, and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send.

 

To obtain this information from us, please contact us using the “How to Contact Us” information below with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response.

 

Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements, and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.

Global Privacy Signals
We receive and process Global Privacy Signals (“GPC Signal”) for requests to opt-out of sale or sharing.  We process the commonly used and industry standard GPC Signals but because this is new technology and new providers may offer solutions, we will do our best to recognize, process, and honor a GPC Signal that meets the legal standards and is widely adopted in the industry.

Notice of of Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Montana, Texas, Utah, and Virginia Privacy Rights
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Montana, Texas, Utah, and Virginia may make the following requests with respect to their personal information in accordance with applicable law and subject to exceptions set forth in such applicable laws:

 

Access: to confirm whether we process their personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, they may also request a copy of your personal information.
Deletion: that we delete personal information we have from or about them, subject to certain exceptions.
Correction: that we correct inaccurate personal data we maintain about them, subject to certain exceptions.
Opt-Out of Sale: We may “sell” personal information about Colorado and Connecticut residents as the term is defined under applicable state laws. Colorado and Connecticut residents can request to opt out of the sale of their personal information to a third party.
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising: We may use personal information obtained (or in some instances inferred) from a consumer’s activities across unaffiliated sites to send more relevant advertising to you. Residents of these states can request that we stop using their personal information for such targeted advertising.
 

Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Montana, Texas, Utah, and Virginia residents may exercise these rights by following the instructions in the “Exercising the Rights to Request Deletion, to Know (Access) Information, and to Correct Inaccurate Information” section below.

 

We may “sell” (as such term is defined in applicable Colorado and Connecticut law) and process for targeted advertising purposes the following categories of personal information: personal identifiers and contact information; personal records; personal characteristics or traits; commercial information; internet and other electronic network usage information; geolocation information; audiovisual and similar information; and inferences. We may “sell” or share these categories of personal information to or with the categories of third parties described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that if you would like to opt out of sales or targeted advertising, you will need to follow the procedures laid out below in this Privacy Policy to utilize your right.

 

We may deny certain requests and will explain why your request was denied and how to appeal our decision, as required by applicable law. After receiving our explanation, if you would like to appeal our decision, you may do so as further detailed in our communication back to you. For questions, you may also contact us by calling or emailing us at the contact information above.

Notice of Nevada Privacy Rights
We do not sell consumers’ covered information for monetary consideration (as defined in Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes). However, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to sell your Personal Information. To submit such a request, please contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below.

Submitting Privacy Rights Request (Where Eligible)
Some U.S. states have privacy laws that grant residents the right to make requests regarding how their personal information is collected, used, and shared. Urban One seeks to comply with applicable law and to respect the wishes of its users.

 

When you submit a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify the request and your jurisdiction before responding to it. The verification steps we take may differ depending on the request you make and the information we have about you. We will match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. Please provide as much of the requested information as possible. We will only use the information received in a request for the purposes of responding to the request. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information.

 

Where permitted by law, you may submit a request through an authorized agent or other legal representative. We require the authorized agents to provide proof of written permission showing the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request. An authorized agent must follow the process described below to make a request. We may additionally require the authorized agent to verify his/her own identity. At this time, we are able to accept the following requests from residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Montana, Texas, Utah, and Virginia only.

Exercising the Rights to Request Deletion, to Know (Access) Information, and to Correct Inaccurate Information
Eligible persons may exercise their deletion, access, and correction rights by:

 

Visiting the Urban One Privacy Center which will provide access to the web form for submitting Right to Know and Right to Delete and Right to Correct rights requests
Emailing us at privacynotice@urban1.com
Calling us at 1-833-975-2244
Exercising the Right to Opt Out of the Selling or Sharing of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising
 

Eligible persons may exercise their right to opt out by:

Clicking here: DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Calling us at 1-833-975-2244
Emailing us at privacynotice@urban1.com
 

You may submit a request to opt out through an authorized agent. If you do so, we will follow the same verification procedures as described above for requests for deletion, access, and correction.

Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information
Urban One is a United States company and the Urban One Services are provided from the United States. If you are a user who resides outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Urban One Services, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance, and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable countries in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as, or equivalent to, those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.

How We Protect Your Information
We maintain procedural, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the Personal Information you provide via the Urban One Services. Unfortunately, no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. Therefore, any transmission of Personal Information to us is made at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below.

Third-Party Links
The Urban One Services contain links to third-party websites/services for your convenience and/or information (for example, sites linking via banner ads). If you access other sites using the links provided, you may leave the Urban One Services. When you access these other sites, please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies and terms of use, which may differ from ours. We do not endorse or control the policies or practices of third-party websites that we do not control or operate.

 

You should always carefully read the privacy policy of any site you access in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices.

Rights of Minors
Except where otherwise indicated, we do not knowingly collect or store any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. Parents or guardians who believe their child under the age of 13 has provided us with information without parental consent should contact us at privacynotice@urban1.com so that we can take steps to delete the information within a reasonable time.

Updates to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Policy to reflect changes in the law or technology or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use. If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your Personal Information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to, we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by announcing the change through the Urban One Services. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat Personal Information by placing a notice on the Urban One Services. You should check our online services frequently for updates.

 

Any changes to this Policy will become effective as of the Effective Date on the top of this page. By continuing to use the Urban One Services after the most current Effective Date, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue to use the Urban One Services.

Additional Terms
This Policy may be supplemented by additional terms, privacy statements, or notices that explain how we collect, use, and share information in specific circumstances (“Additional Terms”). For example, Additional Terms explain how Urban One and its service providers collect and use information related to the One VIP Debit Card (www.onevip.com), including information you share with us as a participant in our cardholder loyalty program. Other Additional Terms may contain details about how we collect Personal Information in specific contexts, like our collection of resume and career interest information at diversity job centers or when you sign up for specific contests and sweepstakes.

How to Contact Us
By mail:
Urban One Privacy Request
Interactive One, LLC
c/o Urban One, Inc
1010 Wayne Avenue, 4th Floor
Silver Spring, MD 20910, USA

 

By email:
privacynotice@urban1.com


Home
Community Events
Contact
Insights
Careers
Terms Of Service
Privacy
Radio One Scam Alert
